
Some paps from infy are repeated as they are from diff sources. BEST OF LUCK. AND PLEASE SEND ME THE STUFF U HAVE GOT.

INFOSYS (12/07/2001) IIT Bombay
               ------------------------------- 

This paper has 10 questions.(time 1 hour)

1) A's family has some children(both boys & girls). Each boy has as
many sisters as his brothers and each girl has twice as many brothers
as her sisters. How many boys & girls are there?

ans:4,3    (shakuntala devi book)          3 marks


2) Now the time is 3.15 a.m. What is the angle between the hours
hand and minutes hand ?

ans : 7.5 degrees                          3 marks


3)A bus can travel at a max speed of 100 kmph. It's speed decreases
 in proportion with the numbers of passengers on board. If the bus speed
is 88 kmph when there are 3 passengers, what is the speed when there are
6 passengers ?                             4 marks

4)there are two cities A & B 99 km apart. Between A & B there are 98
kilometer posts.On each kilometer post is marked the distance to A & B
from that particular post. how many kilometer posts are there which are
marked with only two digits;(example:  A33/B66 .this post has only 3 and
6 digits)

ans: 17                                  5 marks

5)In a sweet shop 5 boxes contain laddoos and one box contain halwas.
The 6 boxes contain 15, 16, 18, 19, 20 and 31 sweets.Mr A comes and buys
two boxes of laddoos. Then Mr.B comes and buys three boxes laddoos
which totals twice that of Mr A bought.Now the box with halwas is left.
how many halwas are left ?

6)(x-a)(x-b)..................(x-y)(x-z)=  ?

7)Four girls are comparing their prizes won in the last bench of a 
classroom.One of the girls Bharathi said to one girl " i got one more than 
you". Then another girl said to some other girl "i got two more than you",
Next another girl said " i got three more than you", again another girl
said " i got four more than you",another said " i got 5 more than you",
another said "i got 6 mor than you". Nobody knows which girl is talking to
whom. Total all the four girls won 27 prizes. How many did Bharathi won?   

                                                               6 marks

8) A girl has 77 empty coke bottles. A shopkeeper gives one full bottle
for 5 empty bottles. How many full bottles can the girl get ? 

9)I don't remember this question exactly. It is about 4 friends naming
their dogs. Each person names their dogs from two of their neighbours.
five conditions have been given. you have to find the names of the dogs.
this que is for 6 marks.

10)This que is also much confusing. This is about 4 musicians attending
a remix contest. Each has a number written on their back. each wore
different  color shirts.their winning positions are given. eight
conditions were given which i am unable to recollect. you have to identify
their order of winning , their color of shirts and the numbers written
on their back.                                8 marks.





Part 2.   15 minutes     Essay contest.

Topics:

   Power and politics
         or
  How can you make education more useful to work life.



Interview questions:

1) Introduce yourself
2) Tell me something about your project
3) what is a linked list?
4) What is the difference between structure and union
5) Two simple puzzles are asked.

All the best............




1.A girl bringing eggs from shop in a basket. it fell down  and all eggs  broken. she did not emember. How many eggs in basket.but when  counted at  shop if they counted 2's,3's,4's and 5's remainders are 1,2,3,4. then  find the number of eggs in basket.

ans 59).  (Marks 3)

2. three persons names tommy,bacott, roy are there.one of  them is  thief.police caught them asked them who stole some thing.then each person said" those two stole it, i didn,t take it". then later police found  that tommy is lying . then who is the thief. 

ans: tommy) (marks 3)
 
3. some account, cashier, clerk problem. given conditions.
ans   accountant nelson 
        cashier:miller
        clerk:lewis (marks 3)

4. how many 4's are there in between 400 to 499. 
Ans:120)     (marks 3)

5. some time finding problem i didn,t rember correctly.
ans  22hrs(may be) (marks 5)

6.a cyclist and train daily me! et at station. one day cyclist late by 20 minutes. then train crossing him berore station by 5 miles.  cyclist speed is 12 kmph. then find the speed of the train.      
ans 60 kmph (marks 5)

7.three persons participated in a race. in that soreran is  the winner. he always tells truth. another is neoran who tells always false. another medioran tells truth and falls alerternately not necessarily in order. the follwing statements are made  by them. (marks 6)
A:1 c is not crowd at A at last run , suchthat he can loose  game     
    2 c is always tells truth
    3. c is winner  
B:1. B won the race    
    2. c is not the norean  
C:1.B won the race       
    2.c isnot crowd A at last run to causn him loose match.

find who made the statements a , b,c. (marks 6)
       
8. eleven friends are went to cinema thearte. They eleven  seats in a  row.  first a can sit in any seats o! f the eleven seats. then  adjoining to a b is sit. Then adjoing to b c is sit. in this all friends can sit how many  ways. 

ans 11* 2power 9 chek answr ) (marks 6)

9. four persons are there. their names are max 8 syallable are less than eight. in their four names.  two names have no vowel sounds. and one have one vowel sound,another  have two vowel sound. given some conditions. basing on that we have found that no of vowels  and
sysallbele in that names. (marks 8)

10. a,b,c,d,e are students. they can speak some languges.  that condings are given . ( you can easily under stand that ) last condition in that is one speaks five  lanaguges,  one four, one two , one three. then given some questiongs  (marks 8) 
ans 1.c 2.d 3.c 4.d

essay writing:(15 minutes)
which is greater intellectual capital or financial capital
      (or)
information technology -to arrest corruption




This is  INFOSYS PAPER for the CAMPUS at V.J.T.I.  On 9th July 2001.      
TOTAL MARKS   50   Total 300 candidates have appeared for written exam and 108 wereshortlisted. In the interview, in general 3 puzzles were asked; followed by technical questions in respective field. Also some general questions were asked. I am not remenbering the correct names so abbrevated them as A,B,C...


1.A,B,C were  gone for a trip. A  visited 2.4 t imes than B, B visited 6 few than C.Find minimum no. of trips all of them visited.      3 Marks
Ans. 28

2.A & his family decided to go for trip for the 9 days. They did not wish to travel too many in the first day, so they decided they will travel 20 kms. more every day rom first day They had travelled 1080 kms. at the end of 9th day .  (4 MARKS)
    A.How much distance they had travelled on 4th day?
    ans   100 
    B. How much distance they had travelled on last day?
     ans   200

3. 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 r different cities to be connected by air route.but condition is that two cities will be connected if the no. formed by them is divisible by 3 (eg. If 1 & 2 r two cities no. formed by them us 12,divisible by 3) How many cities r connected to city 8 ,consider intrconnectivity. 3 MARKS
ans.

4.A thief entered in house for theft, he found a pile of diamomds. He kept  half of the diamonds & 2 more.there after second thief entered, kept half of the remaining & two more. Third thief entered, kept half of the remaining & 2 more. Fourth thief entered ,kept half of remaining & two more. Fifth thief entred ,found that there is nothing renaining. How many diamonds r there in pile          5 MARKS
 Ans - 60

5. Tank is filled by 2 pipes, bigger & smaller. IF bigger pipe open,tank is filled in 3 hrs, if smaller is open, it is filled in 5hrs.If outlet pipe is open ,it is emptied in 8 hrs.If all the three pipes r open,what would be the volume in proportion to be failed up in the 1.84 hrs. 
4 MARKS
Ans.  (1/5 + 1/3-1/8)* 1.84

6.Hare & tortoise race. They decided to run around a circle of dia  100 yards.They started at the same point in opposite direction.  Hare starts after tortoise covered 1/8th of distance. Hare meets tortoise when he covered 1/6 of total distance.  How much faster hare should run to win the race?  4 MARKS

7.There is a CAR AUCTIONS & there r thirty bidders. 10 bidders bought less than 6 cars, 8 bought more than 7, 5 bought more than 8 & i bought more than 9.  How many bidders bought 6,7,8,9 cars?   5 MARKS
Ans.-6-6, 7-6, 8-3, 9-4

8. I am following SHAKESPARES THORY that the person who is slim always speaks the truth.There r 4 persons A,B,C,D WHO MADE FOLLOWING STATENENTS.
  A- B is ligher than D
  B- A is heavier than  C
  C- I am heavier than D
  D- C is heavier than B

 The fact is that "ONLY ONE THEM SOEAKS THE TRUTH"
Arrange the A,B,C,D in ascending order from slim to haevy.
      8 MARKS
 Ans- A         C         B          D
9. Capton Latoof & his 4 friends deciced to play game of Mustak (shooting game) Decide their order fulfiling following conditions.
  1.CL is 3rd if RD is fifth
  2.WJ didnot stand second If BC is 1st or 3rd.
  3.BC is 1st if CL is 2nd & RD fourth.
  4.CL is 2nd or fourth if WJ stands 2nd
 8 Marks

  Ans         1                  2                   3                4

U have to arrange them below 1,2,3,4 &  there r only 4 no.
I am not able to recall it correctly, It is better if u refer this type of PUZZLES FROM GEORGE SUMMER or RAVI NARULA.  KEEP IN MIND THEME OF PUZZLE.

10.   I am having a company & decided to hire 5 peoples for different jobs of  DOORKEEPER, DOORKNOB CLEANER, WORKER, WELFARE OFFICER,BOTTLE WASHER.A,B,C,D,E  are 5 options.
    A  wishes that E should not be cleaner.
    B  wishes that C neither doorkeeper nor welfare officer
    C  wishes that B either  cleaner or bpttle washer
    D  wishes that  C should be worker.

      Decide the jobs of respective fulfilling given conditions.

               A             B           C           D        E
JOBS
        U have to write type of jobs below A,B,C,D,E
           8 MARKS
Ans.  Ans.

 I am not able to recall it correctly, It is better if u refer this  type of PUZZLES FROM GEORGE SUMMER or RAVI NARULA.  KEEP IN MIND THEME OF PUZZLE.

ESSAY WRITING
 MARKS 15                                DURATION  15 MIN.
 TOPICS
1.  INTERNET REACH TO INDIA
2. PRIVATISATION OF PUBLIC SECTOR IS NECESSORY?

infosys-bombay-12/7/20  infosys-bombay-12/7/2001
***********************************************
the questions are    (time 60 min)
1) there are brothers and sisters in a family. one of the brother has equal breothers and sisters, and one of the sister has twice as many brothers as she had sisters. find the number of brother and sisters.
ans 4 and 3 (3marks)

2) a girl is given one full soda bottle, for every 5 empty bottles, she had 77 empty bottles, how many max soda bottles she can drink.
ans 19 (3m)

3) what is the ang 3) what is the angle between minutes hand and hours hand if the time is 3:15
ans 15/2 degrees (3m)

4) a van can travel atr a max speed of 100 kmph, the decrease in velocity is proporsional to the number of passegers. if 3 persons are there in the van the velocity is 88 kmph, the maximum capacioty of the van is 7 if 6 people board, what is the speed of the van
ans 72kmph (4m)

5) A and B are two cities separated by 99 kms apart, there are 98 poles in between, showing the distances of the two cities on the either side, find the number of poles, in which, only 2 digits are used (example 11,88 here only 1 and 8 are used)
ans 18 (5m)

6)the 26 alphabates from A to Z are numbered in the serial order A -1 (B-2 etc.) B is 2 to the power of its preceding term, exampke C- 3^2 = 9 and so on up to Z, find the value of (X-A)*(X-B)*........(X-Z)
ans 0 (6m)

7) 15, 16, 18 ,19, 20, 31 were thw weights of six items of which five butter and one was chweese. a man purchased two butter items and the second bought items twice the weight of the first person. what is the weight of cheese.
ans 20 (6m) 

 8)there are four girls.they got prizes which they have won after a concert " i got one prize more than u" said bernise. onr girl said to "i got two prizes more than ". one girl said  that "i got three prizes more than the u". one girl said that "i got four prizes mo10re than u".
one gorl said that" i got five prizes more than u" one girl said that" i got six prizes more than u" if the total prizes won by them are 27 find the no. of prizes won by bernise.
 ans 5 (6m)

9) there are four brothers A, B,C,D and each has two dogs. they name thaeir dogsafter their other brothers.

   the dogs were of breed c,d,t.
   ther are threee c three t's and two d's 
   each brother will notn have the dogs of the same breed  
   no two dogs of same breed will have the same name  
   B will not have t breed dogs 
   A wiil not name his dog after D 
   C will not name his dog after A
 What are the names and owners of dogs of d breed??
ans B,C   are the owners A and C are the dogs names.(6m)

10) there was a party held in which four DJ's contested.L,S,P,J. They were numbere 1, 2, 3, 4. L won the first place.P defeated S.The person who was numbered 2 had red deck. J did not have yellow deck. the person who came last had a blue deck.there is only one person who is
numbered the same as his position.the person who was third had green deck. find the
positions of all the persons and their numbering and their                                          
ans L RED
    P YELLOW
    S GREEN
    J BLUE.


and there is an essay (15min)
*******Topics********
1) power and politics,
2)relevance of education with work life.




1.  one girl sheena going on the road carrying full of
eggs in basket. some vehicle hitted and all eggs
falled down and broked, she don't know how many eggs r
there previously and she started counting as twos,
threes, fours, fives and the remainders are 1,2,3,4
etc respectively. asked what is the total no. of eggs
in basket.

answer is 59

2.three fellows are there, subbu, veeru, raja and one
robbery taken place. after that police caught.
in intrrogation each person is telling that other two
had stolen and not me, police got that only one theif
there.

find who is the theif    

3.how many fours are there between 400 to 499

ans.  120

4.on time they had given, two fellows had to fix
appointment tommorrow, now it is night they told that
after 11hrs from now and they had given hint as
one tower clock strikes for 10times and time interval
is 1 sec.

from hint we can know that now the time is 10.00pm and
if we add 11hrs we will get answer as 9.00am

5.  one bicycle and train reaches a point at same
time.
one day bicycle starts 20 min late than train.train
move 5 miles more than bicycle. the speed of bicyle is
12mph and asked what is the speed of train.

6, 7, 8, 9 ,10 th questions are on relation

i.e on subbu is accountant, veeru is cashier
       veeru is accountant, raja is clerk

like that one question we have to fine who is cashier,
clerk and accountant

another question is on languages i.e is he will talk
spanisnh, english frengch like that
and asked who will talk all languges, 3, 2,1 etc.

frs whatever i had remembered i am mailing all of u,
pattern is same but i had used my own language.
once check answers also
all the best
keep mailing
tommorrow we r having tcs
urs fr



1) there are certain no of children in a family. rahul has same no of
brothers as sisters. uma has twice the no of brothers as sisters. what is
the no of boys and girls

ans: 4 boys and 3 girls

2) what is the angle b/w the two hands of clock at 3:15?
ans ; 7.5 degree

3) the max speed of a van is 100kmph. it can carry a max of 6 people. its
speed is inversely related to no of people sitting in the van.the speed is
88kmph for 3 people what is the speed for 6 people.

ans:44kmph

4) rajesh is fond of pepsi. he gets 1 filled bottle for every 5 empty
bottles he gives back. he has 77 empty bottles. how many filled bottles
will he get??  

ans: 19

5) there r 4 girls siting in a class. daniel said to another girl " i hav
1 prize more than u".... another girl shouted "i hav 2 more" I hav 3 more"
i hav 4 more" i hav 5 more" i hav 6 more" .... rose the voices but who
said to whom is not known. if they had 27 prizes in total, how many prizes
did daniel get?

ans: 5( please check, i cld not solve it)

6) suppose the 26 alphabets hav been given some numerical values..

find the value of (X-A)*(X-B)*(X-C).........*(X-Y)*(X-Z)

where each alphabet is equal to its position raised to power of its
previos location

say A=1 to power zero
B= 2 to power 1        
X = 24 to the powre 23

7)there was a question on dogs and their owners... there were certain
conditions given. u need to tell who owns which dog

8) there was another question similar to above where there r certain DJ's
perfroming ... u need to tell the order in which they came and the colour
of scarf they wore. some cond givem

9) there is distance of 99km b/w two stations A and B. there are 98 posts
b/w them . how many posts hav double figures written on them say one post
rrreads ( 11km frm A and 22km frm B)

and :80

last one i m not able to recall....     

just now i appered test
it contains
2-8marks
1)regarding arranging a,b,c,d, asper professwion
2) regarding a,b,c,d,e asper shotmaking by gun
1-6marks
arrange weights as per given statrement by threee peerson
one of them true
2-5marks
1)find distance travelled on each day for 9days as given condition total d-1080
adding 20 on each day
ans-40 on first day
2)diamend pile five thievs one take half+2
like that last zero find total
ans-60
2-4marks
1)one tank three pipe two inlet one outleet
i-3hrs ii-5hrs iii-8htrs
find net for 1.84hrs      
ans=0.78approx
2)dia=100yards
hare and tortoise race
tortise at 1/8 of circum
hare at origin
after some time
hare meets tortoise at 1/6 of circum
find ratio of speeed
ans=4times(verify)_
3-3marks
1)not remeberde
2--
3---


INFOSYS (12/07/2001) IIT Bombay
               ------------------------------- 

This paper has 10 questions.(time 1 hour)

1) A's family has some children(both boys & girls). Each boy has as
many sisters as his brothers and each girl has twice as many brothers
as her sisters. How many boys & girls are there?

ans:4,3    (shakuntala devi book)          3 marks


2) Now the time is 3.15 a.m. What is the angle between the hours
hand and minutes hand ?

ans : 7.5 degrees                          3 marks


3)A bus can travel at a max speed of 100 kmph. It's speed decreases
 in proportion with the numbers of passengers on board. If the bus speed
is 88 kmph when there are 3 passengers, what is the speed when there are
6 passengers ?     Ans . 76                        4 marks

4)there are two cities A & B 99 km apart. Between A & B there are 98
kilometer posts.On each kilometer post is marked the distance to A & B
from that particular post. how many kilometer posts are there which are
marked with only two digits;(example:  A33/B66 .this post has only 3 and
6 digits)

ans: 18                                  5 marks

5)In a sweet shop 5 boxes contain laddoos and one box contain halwas.
The 6 boxes contain 15, 16, 18, 19, 20 and 31 sweets.Mr A comes and buys
two boxes of laddoos. Then Mr.B comes and buys three boxes laddoos
which totals twice that of Mr A bought.Now the box with halwas is left.
how many halwas are left ?          Ans.20

6)(x-a)(x-b)..................(x-y)(x-z)=  ?  Ans.0

7)Four girls are comparing their prizes won in the last bench of a 
classroom.One of the girls Bharathi said to one girl " i got one more than 
you". Then another girl said to some other girl "i got two more than you",
Next another girl said " i got three more than you", again another girl
said " i got four more than you",another said " i got 5 more than you",
another said "i got 6 mor than you". Nobody knows which girl is talking to
whom. Total all the four girls won 27 prizes. How many did Bharathi won?   

  Ans.5.                                                              6 marks

8) A girl has 77 empty coke bottles. A shopkeeper gives one full bottle
for 5 empty bottles. How many full bottles can the girl get ? 

9)I don't remember this question exactly. It is about 4 friends naming
their dogs. Each person names their dogs from two of their neighbours.
five conditions have been given. you have to find the names of the dogs.
this que is for 6 marks.

10)This que is also much confusing. This is about 4 musicians attending
a remix contest. Each has a number written on their back. each wore
different  color shirts.their winning positions are given. eight
conditions were given which i am unable to recollect. you have to identify
their order of winning , their color of shirts and the numbers written
on their back.                                8 marks.





Part 2.   15 minutes     Essay contest.

Topics:

   Power and politics
         or
  How can you make education more useful to work life.



Interview questions:

1) Introduce yourself
2) Tell me something about your project
3) what is a linked list?
4) What is the difference between structure and union
5) Two simple puzzles are asked.

All the best............





Infosys Sample Test For Campus RecruitmentInfosys Sample Test #7Home

Back To Infosys Page

1.An escalator is descending at constant speed. 
   A walks down and takes 50 steps to reach the bottom.
   B runs down and takes 90 steps in the same time as A takes 10 steps. 
   How many steps are visible when the escalator is not operating? 

Ans: 150 steps

2. Every day a cyclist meets a train at a particular crossing.
    The road is straight before the crossing and both are travelling in the same 
direction.
    The cyclist travels with a speed of 10 Kmph.
    One day the cyclist comes late by 25 min. and meets the train 5km before the 
crossing. 
    What is the speed of the train?

Ans: 60 kmph

3. There are five persons with surnames Mukherjee, Misra, Iyer, Patil and 
Sharma.
    There are 4 persons having first or middle name of Kumar, 3 persons with 
Mohan, 2 persons with Dev and 1 Anil. 
    Either Mukherjee and Patil have a first or middle name of Dev or Misra and 
Iyer have their first or middle name of Dev.
    Of Mukherkjee and Misra, either both of them have a first or middle name of 
Mohan or neither have a first or  
    middle name of Mohan.
    Either Iyer or Sharma has a first or middle name of Kumar but not both.
    Who has the first or middle name of Anil? 

Ans: Kumar Misra Dev
        Mohan Iyer Dev
        Kumar Patil Mohan
        Mohan Sharma Kumar 

4.  Boys are allowed to watch football at C.V.Raman auditorium subjected to 
conditions. 
  The boy over age 16 can wear overcoat 
  No boy over age  15 can wear cap 
  To watch the football either he has to wear overcoat or cap or both 
  A boy with an umberella or above 16 or both cannot wear sweater. 
  Boys must either not watch football or wear sweater. 
   What is the appearence of the boy who is watching football. 

5. A bird keeper has got P pigeons, M mynas and S sparrows. 
    The keeper goes for lunch leaving his assistant to watch the birds. 
  Suppose p=10, m=5, s=8 when the bird keeper comes back, the assistant informs 
  the x birds have escaped. The bird keeper exclaims: "Oh no! All my sparrows 
  are gone."
  How many birds flew away? 
  When the bird keeper comes back, the assistant told him that x birds have 
  escaped. The keeper realised that atleast 2 sparrows have escaped. 
  What is minimum no of birds that can escape? 

6. Answer the following questions based on the conditions from the choices A, B, 
C, D, E as described below:
(A) if a definete conclusion can be drawn from condition 1 
(B) if a definete conclusion can be drawn from condition 2 
(C) if a definete conclusion can be drawn from condition 1 and 2 
(D) if a definete conclusion can be drawn from condition 1 or 2 
(E) no conclusion can be drawn using both conditions 
  person 1 says N<5 
  person 2 says N>5 
  person 3 says 3N>20 
  person 4 says 3N>10 
  person 5 says N<8 
What is the value of N? 

a) 1. No of persons who speak false being less than no of persons who tells the 
truth. 
    2. Person 2 is telling the truth. 

b) 1. no of persong telling the truth is greater than no of persons telling lies 

    2. person 5 is telling the truth. 

7. There are N coins on a table and there are two players A & B.
    You can take 1 or 2 coins at a time. 
    The person who takes the last coin is the loser. 
    A always starts first. 
  If N=7 
  (a) A can always win by taking two coins in his first chanse 
  (b) B can win only if A takes two coins in his first chance. 
  (c) B can always win by proper play 
  (d) none of the above 

  2. A can win by proper play if N is equal to 
  (a) 13  (b) 37  (c) 22  (d) 34  (e) 48 
  Ans: (e.) 

  3. B can win by proper play if N is equal to 
  (a) 25  (b)26  (c) 32  (d) 41  (e) none 

  4. if N<4, can A win by proper play always?
  (a) Yes  (b) No 

8. Two twins have vertain peculiar charcteristics. 
    One of them always lies on Monday, Wednesday, Friday. 
    The other always lies on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. 
    On the other days they tell the truth. You are given a conversation. 
  Person A-- today is Sunday my name is Anil 
  Person B -- today is Tuesday, my name is Bill 
What day is today? 
Ans: Today is Tuesday.

9. There is a safe with a 5 digit number as the key.
    The 4th digit is 4 greater than second digit, while 3rd digit is 3 less than 
2nd digit. 
    The 1st digit is thrice the last digit. 
    There are 3 pairs whose sum is 11. 
    Find the number. 
Ans: 65292

10. A hotel has two wings,the east wing and the west wing.
      Some east wing rooms but not all have an ocean view.
      All west wing rooms have a harbour view.
      The charge for all rooms is identical, except as follows : 
  Extra charge for all harbour view rooms on or above the 3rd floor 
  Extra charge for all ocean view rooms except those without balcony 
  Extra charge for some harbour rooms on the first two floor & some east wing 
  rooms without ocean view but 
  having kitchen facilities. 
Which of the following cannot be determined on the basis of the nformation 
given:
I.   Whether there are any rooms without a balcony for which an extra charge is 
imposed.
II.  Whether any room without a kitchen or a view involves an extra charge.
III. Whether two extra charges are impsed for any room.
(A) I only
(B) II only
(C) III only
(D) II and III only
(E) I, II and III
(This question is from 1999 Barrons GRE Guide model Test 3 - section 6, question 
22) 
Ans: (A)
