
 critical reasonig:

   G.statistics show that millions of vehicals have beencarried by shuttle
over the past 30 years through alpine tunnels withouty one ever catching
tire.in the alpine tunnels.drivers and passengers sit in theirvhehicals on
the shuttle trains.only one vehical has evercaught fire on the bussy
french motorail equivalent system.this sort of accidents is not possible
in a closed shuttle. assertinos that a vehical fire  will lead to
catastophe have no basis. since the resoures exit do detect,control and
extingush  a fire and to remove any persons present safely to an adjoning
wagon, leaving any surviving fire facing rapid extinction within a wagan
built to contain fire for 30 minutes. catastrophe seems very unlikely.

25. if a car cauget fire in a rail shuttle, probably none would be killed.
   
    (T)    
26.at least one vehical has cauht fire in an alpine tunnel.(f)
27.if a fire started in a wagon, it would be allowed to burn itself out in
   30 minutes.(f)
28.if would theoreticaly be possible for a car to cath fire in aclosed
    shuttle system.(F)

H)every form of art is protected by copy write,upon the expiration

 of whitch the property passes into the public domain and becomes freely
available to any one wishing to exploit it commercialy. the time has come
when all treasures shoud pass to the controled of a trust,and by this made
readily available to anyone on pament of a fee or royality.the income
fromthe works of tagore would alone be enarmous.these who now main
financialbenifit from his genius should make some contribution to the
welfare of the arts in general.
29.tagore's plays are not protected by copyright.  F
30.tagore's decendants should be asked to make some contribution  to the 
arts C
31.instead of buying a ticket , theatregoers should pay a fee to trust for
the benefit of the arts.  C
32. More people could go to the theatre if copy rightwere abolished  C
I. Hacking is a crime made possible by a relatively new technology,
which one of the reasons it is often poorly understood and reported.
Many computers, but no means all,are now linked togetherin networks which
allow users on one computer to communicate with others on the same
network.If a computer is not networked,no manipulation of its datafrom
another machine is possible.So long as users are authorised, networking
is just a way of making work easier and more productive.Hacking on the
other hand,is the unauthorised use of networks or unauthorised entty 
into the computers themselves.Most people do not need to break into the 
networks they use,since they are already accredited users.
33. Most hackers are authorised to break into networks  F
34. Computers are only vulerable to the unauthorised manipulation of
  their data via another computer if they are networked  T
35.The main reason why it is relatively easy to break into a computer is
that few people understand the technology.  C
36.Hackers do not work fot the firms whose networks they break into.  T
J.Although invaders represent a threat to the conservation of flora and
fauna,there are two special cases in which invasion have been deliberately
brought about.One is the desire to control presents by natural predators,
whichmay have to be brought in from other countries.The second is
releasing organisms into the wild(or on to farms,from which they might
escape)that are completely novel,beacause they have been genetically
engineered.There is nothing intrinsically sinister about engineered
organisms,but any novelty must be regarded as a potential invader.
37.Pest control does not threat the conservation of flora and fauna. T
38.Genetically engineered organisms must always be regarded as poten-
tially dangerous.  F
39.Natural predators are work harmful than pests.T
40.Genetically engineered organisms escaped from the farm,they will be
pose a threat to wildlife. T





