
7. LRU :  1, 2, 3.

8. Tr. Delay - 10000 bits ans. 10.01

9. Grammar of Number of shift / reduce operator  : ans. 4

10. CPU scheduling  9,8 ?

11. if even x/2
    else p(p(3x+1))

   2^k + 1:  3 . 2^(k-1)  clarify this with sans

12. allocation  ans: (ii) only

13.  swapping :  ans: reference only

14. Compiler - related Qn.

15. LAN frames - ?  related Qn.

16. parameter passing (35,20)

17. sliding window protocol
         -   BUFFER SIZE large

18.  kernel mode   -  deallocate resource

19.  logic circuit
      ans .  Minimum OR = 3

20.  Combinatorics  related

21. priority scheduling

22. cobegin
      begin  x = y; x= x+1;  y= x
      begin x =y; z= z+1; y= z
    coend

   ans.  Number of values possi = 2

23. 2 bits flip / 2 bits exchange

     ans : the word with one '1'

24.  any addr
      K^+ v(a) + 2I - 2a


  You try to prepare all subject questions in all the papers being 
sent so that it will be useful in the interview.
concentrate on OS, networks.

PART 1

1). A beggr collects cigarette stubs and makes one ful  cigarette 
with every 7 stubs.  Once he gets 49 stubs .  How many cigarettes 
can he smoke totally.
                     Ans. 8
2). A soldiar looses his way in a thick jungle  at  random  walks 
from his camp but  mathematically  in  an  interestingg  fashion.  
First he walks one mile east then half mile to north.   Then  1/4 
mile to west, then 1/8 mile to south and so  on  making  a  loop. 
Finally hoe far he is from his camp and in which direction.
ans: in north and south directions 
   1/2 - 1/8 + 1/32 - 1/128 + 1/512 - and so on 
                = 1/2/((1-(-1/4))
      similarly in east and west directions
     1- 1/4 + 1/16 - 1/64 + 1/256 -    and so on 
             = 1/(( 1- ( - 1/4))
   add both the answers
3). hoe 1000000000 can be written as a  product  of  two  factors 
neither of them containing zeros
   Ans   2 power 9 x 5 ppower 9  ( check the answer )
4). Conversation between two mathematcians:
  first : I have three childern. Thew pproduct of their ages is  36 
.  If you sum their ages . it is exactly same as  my  neighbour's 
door number on my left. The  sacond  mathematiciaan  verfies  the 
door number and says that the not sufficient  .  Then  the  first 
says " o.k one more clue is that my youngest is the youngest"
Immmediately the second mathematician answers . Can  you  aanswer 
the questoion asked by the first mathematician?
What are the childeren ages?        ans  2 and 3 and 6
5). Light glows for every 13 seconds .  How  many  times  did  it 
between 1:57:58 and 3:20:47 am
      ans : 383 + 1 = 384

6). 500 men are  arranged in an array of 10 rows and 50 columns . 
ALL tallest among each row aare asked to   fall  out  .  And  the 
shortest among THEM is A. Similarly after resuming that to  their 
originaal podsitions that the shorteest  among  each  column  are 
asked to fall out. And the longest among them is B . Now  who  is 
taller among A and B ?
      ans  A  
7). A person spending out 1/3 for cloths , 1/5 of the  remsaining 
for food and 1/4 of the remaining for travelles  is left with
Rs 100/- . How he had in the begining ?
    ans    RS 250/-
8). there are six  boxes containing 5 , 7 , 14 , 16  ,  18  ,  29 
balls of either red or blue in colour. Some  boxes  contain  only 
red balls and others contain only blue . One sales man  sold  one 
box out of them and then he says " I have the same number of  red 
balls left out  as that of blue ". Which box is the one he  solds 
out  ?
Ans : total no of balls  =  89 and (89-29 /2 = 60/2 = 30 
     and also 14 + 16 = 5 + 7 + 18 = 30
9).  A  chain  is  broken  into  three  pieces  of  equal  lenths 
conttaining 3 links each. It is taken to a backsmith to join into 
a single continuous one . How many links are to  tobe  opened  to 
make it ?
    Ans : 2.
10). Grass in lawn grows equally thickand in a uniform  rate.  It 
takes 24 days for 70 cows and 60 for 30 cows . How many cows  can 
eat away the same in 96 days.?
    Ans : 18 or 19
11). There is a certain four digit number whose fourth  digit  is 
twise the first digit.
   Third digit is three more than second digit.
   Sum of the first and fourth digits twise the third number.
   What was that  number ?
  Ans : 2034 and 4368 


	If you qualify in the first part then you have to appear for 
the second i.e the following part.

Part 2.

1.  From  a  vessel  on  the  first  day,  1/3rd  of  the  liquid 
evaporates.  On the second day  3/4th  of  the  remaining  liquid 
evaporates.  what fraction of the volume is present at the end of 
the II day.  
2. an orange galss has orange juice.  and white glass  has  apple 
juice.  Bothe equal volume 50ml of the orange juice is taken  and 
poured into the apple juice.  50ml from the white glass is poured 
into the orange glass.  Of the  two  quantities,  the  amount  of 
apple juice in the orange glass and the amount of orange juice in 
the white glass, which one is greater and by how much?
3.  there is a 4 inch cube painted on all  sides.   this  is  cut 
into no of 1 inch cubes.  what is the no of cubes which  have  no 
pointed sides.
4. sam and mala have a conversation.  sam says i am vertainly not 
over 40.  mala says i am 38 and you are  atleast  5  years  older 
than me.  Now sam says you are atleast 39.  all the sattements by 
the two are false.  How hold are they realy.
5.  ram singh goes to his office in the city, every day from  his 
suburbun house.  his driver mangaram drops  him  at  the  railway 
station in the morning and picks him up in  the  evening.   Every 
evening ram singh reaches the station  at  5  o'clock.   mangaram 
also reaches at the same time.  one day  ramsingh  started  early 
from his office and came  to  the  station  at  4  o'clock.   not 
wanting to wait for the car he  starts  walking  home.   Mangaram 
starts at normal time, picks him up on the way and takes him back 
house, half an hour early.  how much time did ram singh walk.
6.  in a railway station, there are tow trains going.  One in the 
harbour line and one in the main line, each having a frequency of 
10 minutes.  the main line service  starts  at  5  o'clock.   the 
harbour line starts at 5.02a.m. a man goes to the  station  every 
day to catch the first train.  what is  the  probability  of  man 
catchinhg the first train
7.  some people went for vaction.  unfortunately it rained for 13 
days when they  were  there.   but  whenever  it  rained  in  the 
morning, they had clean afternood and vice versa.   In  all  they 
enjoyed  11 morning and 12 afternoons.  how many  days  did  they 
stay there totally
8. exalator problem repeat
9. a survey was taken among 100 people to firn  their  preference 
of watching t.v. programmes.  there are 3 channels.  given no  of 

people who watch
at least channel   1
"         "        2
"         "        3
no channels at all
atleast channels  1and 3
"     "           1 and 2
"        "        2 and 3
find the no of people who watched all three.
10. albert and fernandes they have two leg swimming  race.   both 
start from opposite and of the pool.  On the first leg, the  boys 
pass each other at 18 mt from the deep end of the  pool.   during 
the II leg they pass at 10 mt from the shallow end of  the  pool.  
Both go at const speed.  but one of them  is  faster.   each  boy 
rests for 4 sec to see at the end of the  i  leg.   what  is  the 
length of the pool.
11. T  H  I  S                Each  alphabet  stands  for  one 
        I S                   digit, what is the maximum value T 
--------------                can take
    X F X X
  X X U X
--------------
  X X N X X
--------------


1. an escalator is descending at constant speed.   A  walks  down 
and takes 50 steps to reach the bottom.  B runs down and takes 90 
steps in the same time as A takes 10 steps.  how many  steps  are 
visible when the escalator is not operating.
2. evvery day a cyclist meets a train at a  particular  crossing.  
the road is straignt before the crossing and both are  travelling 
in the same direction.  cyclist travels with a speed of 10  Kmph.  
One day the cyclist comes late by 25 min. and meets the train 5km 
before the crossing.  what is the seppd of the train.
3. five persons muckerjee, misra, iyer,  patil  and  sharma,  all 
take then first or middle names in the full names.  There  are  4 
persons having I or middle name of kumar, 3 persons with mohan, 2 
persons withdev and 1 anil.
--Either mukherjee and patil have a I or middle name  of  dev  or 
misra and iyer have their  I or middle name of dev
--of mukherkjee and misre, either both of them have  a  first  or 
middle name of mohan or neither have a first or  middle  name  of 
mohan
--either iyer of sharma has a I or middle name of kumar  hut  not 
both.
who has the I or middle name of anil
4. reading conprehension
5. a bird keeper has got Ppigeon, M mynas and  S  sparrows.   the 
keeper goes for lunch leaving his assistant to watch the birds.
a. suppose p=10, m=5, s=8 when the bird keeper  comes  back,  the 
assistant informs the x birds  have  escaped.   the  bird  keeper 
exclaims oh no! all my sparrows are gone.  how  many  birds  flew 
away.
   b. when the bird keeper come back, the assistand told him that 
x birds have escaped.  the keeper realised that atleast2 sparrows 
have escaped.  what is minimum no of birds that can escape.
6.  select from the five alternatives A,B,C,D,E
   AT THE end of each question ,two  conditions  will  be  given.  
the choices are to filled at follows.
a. if a definete conclusion can be drawn from condition 1
b. if a definete conclusion can be drawn from condition 2
c. if a definete conclusion can be drawn from condition 1 and 2
d. if a definete conclusion can be drawn from condition 1 or 2
e. no conclusion can be drawn using both conditions
1. person 1 says N<5
   person says n>5
     person 3 says 3N>20
     person 4 says 3n>10
    person 5 says N<8
whaT IS value of N
a) 1. no of persons who speak false being less than no of persons 
who tells the truth.
   2. person 2 is telling the truth.
b)  1. no of persong telling the truth  is  greater  than  no  of 
persons telling lies
    2. person 5 is telling the truth.
7.  there are N coins on a table.  there  are  two  players  A&B.  
you can take 1 or 2 coins at a time.  the person  who  takes  the 
last coin is the loser.  a always starts first
--1. if N=7
     a) A can always win by taking two coins in his first chanse
     b) B can win only if A takes two coins in his first chance.
     c) B can always win by proper play
     d) none of the above
--2.  A can win by proper play if N is equal to 
 a) 13   b) 37  c) 22 d) 34   e) 48      ans. e.
--3. B can win by proper play if N is equal to
a) 25   b)26    c) 32   d) 41  e) none
--4. if N<4, can A win by proper play always

8. Two turns have vertain pecular charcteristics.   One  of  them 
always lies on Monday, Wednesday, Friday.  \the other always lies 
on Tuesdays, thursdays and saturdays.  On the other days they tel 
the truth.  You are given a conversation.
    person A--  today is sunday my name is anil
    person B-- today is tuesday, my name is bill


answers for selected questions
2.  equal                          1. 150
3.  8                              2. 60 kmph
4. 37(M),41(S)                     3.  Mukherjee
5.   45 min.                       8. today is tuesday
6.   0.8
7.   18
11.   T max value = 4

            3. Anil kumar Mukherjee
               Kumar Misra dev
               Mohan iyer dev
               kumar patil mohan
               mohan sharma kumar



Verifone Interview.
Here, we had three single man panels. They are seeing the subjects 
taken and asking questions in that mainly. They didn't go deep into
any subject and they were just  asking overview. When they catch any
new word they are asking about it. 
      
These are some of the questions asked to us.(not to a single person.)
     
What is a finite Automata.
what is a turing machine.
how many processors are there in a pentium microprocessor. in Sparc.
difference between risc and cisc.
is risc always fast.


what is a real time system.
name some real time OS
what are the characteristics of Real time OS.
is DOS a real time OS.
what is a kernel,shell.

what is binary search, traversal, hashing etc.
given a scenario what is the  suitable data structure.
write a code to count the no. of 1's in a binary rep. of a number.
memory taken for char *, int * etc.
char *cp; int *ip; cp++,ip++ - what is the result.
compare the no. of bytes in unix and Dos for long char short int.
how to make programs portable on unix and Dos under such circumstances.
in c++, what is a constructor, destructor etc. 
what is friend etc.
  


what is waterfall model, prototype model etc.
what is testing. what is unit testing, integration testing etc.

What is indexing in databases? 
What is atomicity?
Can recursive pgms be written in C++, Write a recursive pgm to 
calculate factorial in c++.
What is best data structure to store the processes info in a real time 
operating system?


VERIFONE

Verifone test Questions :

There are two parts :

1. Aptitute test 	:  15 Minutes, 20 Questions

  Some questions are:
	 (not in order)
   1. A question (first one)on addition of fraction of inches 
           a. was the answer

   2. There were 36 chairs. how many ways can they be placed such
   that all rows have equal no. of chairs and atleast three chairs 
   are there in each row and there are atleast three rows.
	 5 ways.

   3. There are 27 balls, of which 1 is heavier. given a balance
   how many times you need to weigh to find out the odd ball. 
          3 Weighs.

   4.  Product of three consecutive nos. 210.  What is the sum
   	of two least numbers
         11. 

   5.  If the area of the sqaure is increased by 69 % how
	much the length of the side will increase?
	   30%
   6.  if the sum of five consecutive nos. 35? how many prime nos
		are there :
           2 primes.	

   7.  if the length of the rectangle is reduced by 20% and breath
		is increased by 20 % what is the net change ?
        	 4 % decrease
   8.  A question on sets.
	There are some 20 Basketball players & 30 Football players,
	and 25 cricket players. 1 of them plays all the three games.
	8 of them plays atleast two games. They are 50 altogether.
	How many of them plays none of the games.
   9. A question on directions.
	 B is 20 miles east of A. D is 30 miles east of C. E is 10 miles
	 north of D. C is 20 miles north of B. How far E is from A?
   Some 3 questions on Reasoning like,
   10. If you say that giving stock options to employees increases the 
	productivity of the company, which of the following sentences
	support it.
	 A) Giving stock options increases the morale of the employees
	 ..
	 ..
	  etc.,
    11. Gamblers comes to the Amusement parks. There are some Amusement 
	parks in each city. There are some gamblers in each city. So 
	what can you infer.
	 A) Amusement park always have gamblers.
	 ..
	 ..
	   etc.,
	

2. Technical Questions.  

i. Electrical & Electronics  	: 15 Questions
        1.A Circuit with nand gates. (ans. may be XOR)

        2.CMRR. relates to  (options not in order)
	       voltage follower
	       non invering amplifier
	       inverting amplifier
	       integrator

        3. Given a circuit , give the ouput.
	    (ans. may be triangular wave.)

        4. o/p of an assembly code.
		mulitply by 11.

        5. how to handle asynchronous events.
                    a) polling 
		    b) interrrupt 
			 etc.

ii)Data Structures, Algo., & Complexity theory : 5 questions
iii)  OS : 5 questions
iv) Networks and Hardware:  5 questions
v) Databases and Misc.: 5 questions
vi) C Pgm. : 5 questions
   some more 10 questions.
        

1. if W is a sequence of strings without a and W' is its reversal
	then WaW' is accepted by:

	  Context Free Grammmars

2. Whether all recusive pgm can be writtten iteratively? 
  yes.
3. What data structes you will use if you want to go to first record from
the last and vice versa?  
	 doubly linked circular list

4. Given 10000 nos. and 48MB Memory.  What is the complexity of the 
efficient sorting algo.? (the algo. is not mentioned)
       O(N)

5.  Given a  C code and ask what it does?
	code was something similar to Bubble sort and that
particular code does the sorting in Desending order and the complexity
is O(n^2)(which is the next question).

       
6.  
     A code like this is given.
	a. for(i=0;i<num;i++)
	b. for(i=num;i>0;i--)
     Assuming no code optimization and  assume that the microprocessor
     has flags etc. which one is correct.
	 
	 b will execute faster.

7. If there are too many page faults what is the problem?

8. To ensure one pgm. doesnt corrupt other pgm. in a Multi-pgm enviornment
	what you should do?

9. Which one you will use to implement critical section?
	Binary Semaphore

10. Which one is not needed for Multi-processing. enviornment?
	options are: virtual memory,security,time sharing,none of the
     			above.	
	
11. Which one is not done by Data link layer ?
	bit stuffing, LRC,CRC,parity check 
	
12. Which one is not related to Data link layer?

13. Which one is not suitable for client-server application?
	tcp/ip,message passing,rpc,none of the above.

14. What is SQL. 
      Procedural Relational DB Query Language.

15. Indexing in databases give you
       options were like 1.efficient deleting and inserting
			 2.efficient deleting. 
			   etc.
16. int a=1,b=2,c=3;
   printf("%d,%d",a,b,c);
	What is the output?
17. Scope of Static Variable ............
        in a file.

18. for(i=0; i<=10;i++,printf("%d",i)); +-   (+- is there in the questions)

20. Real Time Os should have 
   a)fast context switch
   b)Virtual memory etc.



21. Messages are transferred in some E71 code, where after 7 bits of data,
1 bit of stopping data is to be transferred. what should be done.
     options were like 
	 a) send directly
	 b) send after encoding 
		  etc.
22. There are three processes A, B, C. A sends data to B. B removes the
header stores it and sends the data to C. C returns it to B. B receives the
message, identifies the message and adds the header that was stored and 
sends to A.B receives the messages from C such that atmost 'm' messages  
B
are pending.
     Identify the best Data Structure.

23.  A question in compiler about the heap and stack allocation of memory.

24.  struct 
	{
	  char a[3];
	  int b;
          }x;
     char *cp;

      a) size of x is 7.
      B
      b)
      c)
      d) cp takes the size of a pointer. 
	  (d ) is the ans.


I am sending format of ORACLE. I just sent you Verifone(some questions)


ORACLE
------


section 2:

   1. what is sparese matrices?. give (at least) two methods for implemetation
      rather than two dimentional array.
   2.what are cheap locks/latches?.
   3.what is two phase locking?. Name two locks.
   4. What are volatile variables in C?. What is their significance ?.
   5. will these two work in same manner
      #define intp int *
       typedef int * inpp;
   6. what are binary trees?. what is its use?.
   7. 

 section 3 :

  A). write header file containing functions used, etc  (C),
     problem is to maitain a Queue. user has to give size and type of Queue.
    This problem is like this I don't remember exactly.
 B). C++
  1. What is polymorphism?
  2. What is Inheritence?.
  3. Mention four Object Oriented Programming Languages?>
  4. Mention basic concepts of OOP.
  5. What are messages in OOP?.
  6. What is garbase collection?.
  7.what is object?.
  8. what is a class?.

 section 4:
  1. expand the following:
     a.SEI b. ISO
  2. what are different levels of SEI?.
  3. What is significance of ISO?>
  4. Expand the following:
        a. WWW
        b. HTTP
        c. HTML
	d. TCP/IP
  5. what is Black box testing?.
  6. explain the following:
     1. white box testing
     2. white box testing
     3. boundary testing
     4 stress
     5. negative
     6. system
     7. unit
     8.module
     9.destructive



			INFOSYS
			--------
			



1) There are two balls touching each other circumferencically.
The radius of the big ball is 4 times the diameter of the small
ball.The outer small ball rotates in anticlockwise direction
circumferencically over the bigger one at the rate of 16 rev/sec.
The bigger wheel also rotates anticlockwise at Nrev/sec. what is
'N' for the horizontal line from the centre of small wheel always
is horizontal.

2)     1 2 3 4
     + 3 4 5 5
     ----------
       4 6 8 9
     - 2 3 4 5
     ----------
       2 3 4 4
     + 1 2 5 4
     ------------
       3 6 9 8

 Q)  Strike off any digit from each number in seven rows (need not
 be at same place) and combine the same operations with 3 digit numbers
 to get the same addition. After this strike off another digit from all
 and add all the No.s to get the same 2 digit No. perform the same
 process again with 1 digit No.s. Give the ' no.s in 7 rows at
 each stage.

3) there is a safe with a 5 digit No. The 4th digit is 4 greater than
second digit, while 3rd digit is 3 less than 2nd digit. The 1st digit
is thrice the last digit. There are 3 pairs whose sum is 11. Find
the number.  Ans) 65292.

4) there are 2 guards Bal and Pal walking on the side of a wall of a
wearhouse(12m X 11m) in opposite directions. They meet at a point and
Bal says to Pal " See you again in the other side". After a few moments
of walking Bal decides to go back for a smoke but he changes his 
direction again to his previous one after 10 minutes of walking in
the other(opposite) direction remembering that Pal will be waiting
for to meet.If Bal and Pal walk 8 and 11 feet respectively, how
much distance they would have travelled before meeting again.

5)          xxx)xxxxx(xxx
		3xx
		-------
		 xxx
		 x3x
		 ------
		  xxx
		  3xx
		  ------

   Q) Find the 5 digit No.
    Hint: 5 is used atleast once in the calculation.
6) Afly is there 1 feet below the ceiling right across a wall length
is 30m at equal distance from both the ends. There is a spider 1 feet
above floor right across the long wall eqidistant from both the ends.
If the width of the room is 12m and 12m, what distance is to be 
travelled by the spider to catch the fly? if it takes the shortest
path.

7) Ramesh sit around a round table with some other men. He has one 
rupee more than his right person and this person in turn has 1 rupee
more than the person to his right and so on, Ramesh decided to give
1 rupee to his right & he in turn 2 rupees to his right and 3 rupees
to his right & so on. This process went on till a person has 
'no money' to give to his right. At this time he has 4 times the
money to his right person. How many men are there along with Ramesh
and what is the money with poorest fellow.


8)Question related to probabilities of removing the red ball from a
basket,given that two balls are removed from the basket and the other
ball is red. The basket contains blue,red,yellow balls.

9)Venkat has 1boy&2daughters.The product of these children age is 72.
The sum of their ages give the door numberof Venkat.Boy is elder of
three.Can you tell the ages of all the three.

                           ANALYTICAL
			   ----------
1)L:says all of my other 4 friends have money
M:says that P said that exact one has money
N:says that L said that precisely two have money
O:says that M said that 3 of others have money.
P:Land N said that they have money.
   all are liers.Who has money&who doesn't have?

2)A hotel has two,the east wing and the west wing.some east wing rooms
but not all have an ocean view(OV).All WW have a harbour view(HV).The
charge for all rooms is identical, except as follows
* Extra charge for all HV rooms on or above the 3rd floor
* Extra charge for all OV rooms except those without balcony
* Extra charge for some HV rooms on the first two floor&som